Link deploio docs (#419)
renuo/applications-setup-guide: README.md

Thank you for your work and have fun! :tada:

> ## Running the Application

Reviewer: It is not an app, so I'd refactor it:
```suggestion
## Serving the Documentation Locally
```

> To start the application locally, use the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To view this documentation on your machine, run the following command:
```
